IDX no more needed on DKs (#1490)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/codingguidelines/Protocol/Display_keys1.md

# Display keys

- In case the values in the primary key column are not user-friendly, another column or a combination of other columns must be used to construct a more user-friendly label that is also unique for every row. In case a combination of columns is used, an additional column must be added to the table that contains the result of this combination (see [NamingFormat](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.ArrayOptions.NamingFormat), [Naming](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.ArrayOptions-options#naming), [DisplayColumn](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.ArrayOptions-displayColumn), [DisplayKey](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.ArrayOptions.ColumnOption-type#displaykey) in the DataMiner Protocol Development Guide). A column of type "displaykey" must be the last column of the table.

- [NamingFormat](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.ArrayOptions.NamingFormat) should be favored over using the displayColumn attribute. The implementation of displayColumn has an impact on trend data in the database, as the data is stored with a relation between the key and the value of displayColumn. Every time the displayColumn value changes, the database will be updated.

> - Existing drivers that use displayColumn should not be changed to use [NamingFormat](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.ArrayOptions.NamingFormat) (as this will result in loss of data) unless this change is required for a specific reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Existing protocols that use *displayColumn* should not be changed to use [NamingFormat](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.ArrayOptions.NamingFormat) (as this will result in loss of data) unless this change is required for a specific reason.
```

> - If no Display Key is explicitely defined in the protocol, the Primary Key will be used as Display Key by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, if no display key is explicitly defined in the protocol, the primary key will be used as the display key.
```

> - On new implementations, the "\[IDX\]" suffix is not required anymore. However, on existing implementations, removing such "\[IDX\]" suffix is not recommended as it could have some impact on existing systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In new implementations, the "\[IDX\]" suffix is no longer required. However, in existing implementations, removing this "\[IDX\]" suffix is not recommended, as this could have an impact on existing systems.
```
